fix(content): Make it clear where you are headed in Cognizance 7 (#9225)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/remnant/remnant 2 cognizance.txt

mission "Remnant: Cognizance 7"
	name "Take Plume to <planet>"

> 	description "Plume wants to witness firsthand what is going on in Nenia, specifically on <planet>."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Plume wants to witness firsthand what is going on in Nenia, and would like to visit <planet>."
```

Good first attempt, but might flow better like this.
